# LinkedListSearch
Write a C program to find whether an element is present in the linked list.     Define a structure  struct node  {  int data;  struct node * link;  }     Include functions  append --- to add data at the end of the linked list.  search --- to search for an element in the linked list. The function returns 1 if the element is present in the linked list and 0 otherwise.  display --- to display all the data in the linked list.     Refer function specifications for further details.  [Note: The stmt. 'Elements in the linked list are' should be in the main function.     Input and Output Format:  Refer sample input and output for formatting specifications.     Sample Input and Output 1:  [All text in bold corresponds to input and the rest corresponds to output.]     Enter the value  5  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  Yes  Enter the value  9  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  Yes  Enter the value  2  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  Yes  Enter the value  8  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  No  The elements in the linked list are 5 9 2 8  Enter the element to be searched  2  2 is present in the linked list     Sample Input and Output 2:  [All text in bold corresponds to input and the rest corresponds to output.]     Enter the value  5  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  Yes  Enter the value  9  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  Yes  Enter the value  2  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  Yes  Enter the value  8  Do you want to add another node? Type Yes/No  No  The elements in the linked list are 5 9 2 8  Enter the element to be searched  12  12 is not present in the linked list         Function Definitions:  void append (struct node **q, int num)  void display (struct node *q)  int search (struct node *q, int e) 
